Validation: description-missing fixes. (#242)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/map-control-concepts/pushpins/index.md

---
title: "Pushpins | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Describes pushpins, which act as graphical image and text representations of locations on maps, and provides links to code examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The overview page for the Pushpins section contains a description and links to examples and related topics.
```
